feat: launch mcd_chief (#115)
makerdao/dss-deploy-scripts: README.md

  }
}
```
NOTE: Make sure to mint enough(threshold is 8k MKR) tokens for launch if you are provide it in `imports.gov`:
```
    sethSend "$MCD_GOV" 'mint(address,uint256)' "$ETH_FROM" "$(seth --to-uint256 "$(seth --to-wei 1000000 ETH)")"
```
NOTE: Make sure to `launch` MCD_ADMIN if you are provide it in `imports.authority`.
```

> # lock more then threshold (8k MKR)

Reviewer: 80,000

  }
}
```

> NOTE: Make sure to mint enough(threshold is 80,000 MKR) tokens for launch if you are provide it in `imports.gov`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: Make sure to mint enough (threshold is 80,000 MKR) tokens for launch if you are providing it in `config.gov`:
```

```
    sethSend "$MCD_GOV" 'mint(address,uint256)' "$ETH_FROM" "$(seth --to-uint256 "$(seth --to-wei 1000000 ETH)")"
```

> NOTE: Make sure to `launch` MCD_ADMIN if you are provide it in `imports.authority`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: Make sure to `launch` MCD_ADMIN if you are providing it in `config.authority`.
```

```

> # lock more then threshold (80,000 MKR)

Reviewer 2: Why more? exact threshold value is enough.
https://github.com/makerdao/dss-gov/blob/master/src/DssGov.sol#L453

>     sethSend "$MCD_GOV" "approve(address,uint256)" "$MCD_ADM" "$(seth --to-uint256 "$(seth --to-wei 80001 ETH)")"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    sethSend "$MCD_GOV" "approve(address,uint256)" "$MCD_ADM" "$(seth --to-uint256 "$(seth --to-wei 80000 ETH)")"
```

>     sethSend "$MCD_ADM" "lock(uint256)" "$(seth --to-uint256 "$(seth --to-wei 80001 ETH)")"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    sethSend "$MCD_ADM" "lock(uint256)" "$(seth --to-uint256 "$(seth --to-wei 80000 ETH)")"
```
